Use the same version of Python used by PyCall (#21)
invenia/FTPServer.jl: README.md

A Julia interface for running a test FTP server with [pyftpdlib](https://pyftpdlib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## Prerequisites

FTPServer makes use of PyCall for running the FTP server.

> It's recommended that you use [`PYTHON=""`](https://github.com/JuliaPy/PyCall.jl#specifying-the-python-version) so that Julia uses it's own Python distribution.

Author: ```suggestion
It's recommended that you use [`PYTHON=""`](https://github.com/JuliaPy/PyCall.jl#specifying-the-python-version) so that Julia uses its own Python distribution.
```

> However, if you wish to specify a system Python you'll to at least use Python 3 and install the Python packages `pyopenssl` and `pyftpdlib`.

Author: ```suggestion
However, if you wish to specify a system Python you will need to use at least Python 3 and install the Python packages `pyopenssl` and `pyftpdlib`.
```

> However, if you wish to specify a system Python you'll to at least use Python 3 and install the Python packages `pyopenssl` and `pyftpdlib`.

Reviewer: 3.6, 3.7, doesn't matter?

Author: I don't believe it matters but I can check some older PRs

Author: Looks like we didn't care then either: https://github.com/invenia/FTPServer.jl/pull/16
